Fucking bad luck! A priest in skirts.
Ten years of misfortune.
Away, Satan
Why do we do that?
'Cause devils flock around priests.
What happened, honourable Father?
This cursed wheel broke off.
Shall we help, like good Samaritans?
God bless you. The snakes would have swallowed me alive.
God is glad to see two poor souls helping each other.
You have an axe there and all you need.
What are you looking for?
A runaway Gypsy slave who stole the boyar's money.
Damned crow!
I didn't see anyone. So he ran away?
Yes, Father. The crows have no shame anymore.
It'll be the end of us
when the ass gets at the head and the cunt is in command...
True, Father.
I just hope he doesn't run to the Turks.
What could he do there?
He could become a mercenary in Nicopolis.
If he does, we've lost him...
Ready, Father.
God, bless Thy servants, amen!
Have some holy water.
To wash us of our many sins...
Good for you.
As the Ecclesiastes says:
"Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do,do it with thy might;
for there is no work
nor device,nor knowledge, nor wisdom,
in the grave, where thou goest."
Well said, my sons! Christ did not rise in vain.
So help us God!
I'll spend the night at Manjoala's inn.
I never travel in the dark for fear of outlaws.
As for us,first business, then pleasure:
we'll search 'til the Seven Sisters rise...
Isn't there a holiday coming, Father?
So it is.
Forgive me, Lord! I hanged You with thread,
and not with a gold chain, like the bishops.
But isn't it faith that matters most?
Faith, but also deeds!
Another question, if we may?
Sure.
You're more enlightened, you have praxis...
Gypsies, is they people or Satan's spawn?
Some say they ain't human.
Human like us.
Aren't they Christians?
I myself baptised two slave cubs recently.
Monastery slaves?
Right, two chickies.
Crows are descendants of Ham,son of Noah,
cursed by his father to be black.
They came here from Egypt.
They are Egyptians.
Is that so?
Yes. What do we call crows to mock them?
Black crows.
There are no white crows. How else?
Maggots.
- What else?  - Darkies.
Pharaohs.
Good, aferim! Pharaohs
'Cause they came here from Egypt,
where they were also slaves,building palaces for the kings.
When a wise man opens his mouth, open your ears!
Gypsies is humans.Jews ain't.
They's beasts.
If you say so...
Now you tell me,why is Jews not human?
'Cause Jews drinks the blood of Christian children.
The priest told us so in church.
And why do they?
We don't know.
Have you heard of the Giant Jews?
No.
Shame on you...
Before making mankind,God created the Giant Jews.
Mean, ugly giants.
He saw His mistake and turned them into dust.
He left just a few,then made Adam and Eve.
The Giant Jews multiplied,but grew ever smaller.
They's our Jews nowadays.
We didn't know that.
That's why Jews can't stand us Christians,
that's why they killed Christ.
And that's why I can't stand them.
Do you know what I do with pork-haters?
We don't.
I cut off their beards and sidelocks.
Better a Jew without a beard than a beard without a Jew!
Do you know what they do in Moldova?
I don't know...
Jews walk around in their carriages.
And instead of horses
they use good Christians.
I don't believe it, father.That's what the Russians did to us.
In the war of 1828,
General Zaltukhin harnessed our peasants...
The Christians in my cousin's village
can't bleed themselves
the Jews left no leeches in the lake.
But some Jews are baptised into our Christian faith.
Who would believe those outlaws?
"Who makes up the Devil's flocks? "
"All the Jews with their sidelocks."
Each nation has its purpose.
The Jews, to cheat
the Turks, to do harm,
us Romanians to love, honour
and suffer like good Christians.
And each has their habits.
Hebrews reads a lot
Greeks talks a lot,
Turks has many wives,
Arabs has many teeth,
Germans smokes a lot
Hungarians eats a lot
Russians drinks a lot,English thinks a lot,
French like fashion a lot,Armenians are lazy,
Circasians wears many a lace,
Italians lies a lot,
Serbians cheats a lot.
and Gypsies get many a beating
Gypsies must be slaves.
When Ham spread horse shit on Noah,
Noah cursed them to be slaves
and as dark as shit.
That's right.
They must be kept on a tight leash.'Tis a holy commandment.
But with kindness.That is my habit.
Though I'm as harsh as a hot pepper
born of father Garlic and mother Onion.
I treat people kindly.
The Gospel says to be as gentle as doves, Father...
If the beasts weren't vanquished,
they would tear man apart.
Even among people,most are beasts
who must be tamed to make them work.
Particularly the crows.
Lovely thoughts, Father.
We'll head this way.
We wish you good health.
Good health to bear good grief.
Go with God, we may meet again.
The mountains themselves sometimes meet...
True words.